I'll show you a delicious one
pea soup with the enrollment
dug and tastes a bit more
his
movement numbers 4.5 liter pot afterwards
the actual my top assortment
also like to pose here in general
to smell when you talk stage
1 level 2 level 3 level 4 5 and 6 last
level is level a that is automatic
if you're in our audio spa
Here we have two buttons press
either left or right office no matter
where soon we press on it catches
to make some things in a circle
Now we take ours today with the
Tip up here and do it
broke out window here you can see completely
pictured and a green training
once around and stay at the green
no servers cutlet around stand
he captures this moment to blink
here connects by point measures the
temperature in bremen and heats the top
perfect for making you beautiful
can roast
that takes a second long
I also want to show my interest
what 's next, yes I have
it all comes prepared a
little bit more for the bacon
a slice of onion few exclusive
I want a higher one
decide
too much potatoes cut into cubes
bit of vegetable broth scheel peas that
very important because we have the normal apps
take the shell up here, swim that
does not look so good in the channel
Peas and water are best warm
water then it does not take so long
so the red bar is now the rat
window i take the audio therme
down hacker attack and switch
back here on level six
the two slices
with onions with others the half
of it the 17
that brings so Brittig already where we
I do not mean the whole heart
pack one but can still
indoors
potatoes with a
which one with one always says one man
I want to know how nice that looks
doubt vegetable broth
Where
and what you can do boiling water
that or warm or hot water then
How fast is it to the lid
Please do not fill up with the water
as if you're allowed to do that, that 's the way it is
one should not make a basic rule
so if we do that now with the normal one
then would do that
court about one to two hours
last because the first samples very long
until you are done and the piece
It takes a very long time , too
not to accept other beautiful illusion
this normal blanket but in ours
six softline the overdrive then you
you all in your assortment does not matter
is like going it fits on the Sun
or one way or another that's always right yes
and here we have a cog that one
It can also turn children alone
we just spend too and then it is
the whole pot to have up here
the two stages are soft and soft for it
pasta rice potatoes vegetables
You can say everything that is already so
Cope quickly and turbos for everything
which takes a long time if you want fat
For example, pieces are in there
or just meat a hunk
has or hard legumes like that
today have preparation again
easy as a child instead of one and a half to two
He served the soup only 25 minutes
cook and he does that completely
automatically your ami genoni goes too
is here on stage six switches
once again on stage automatic again
take your audio therm and press
It does not matter where we go
that turns a wheel here when
again it pushes you did it here
Ten minutes are here, you give more
minutes
I spend less minutes here
ask the only now in 25 minutes
bake this case up on the turbo
window because that takes a long time to
finished and turn it once and that
second time
Now I do exist here
starts flashing and from this moment on
can you do what you want again
he does it all by himself
Finished off when the sun goes down
is dangerous and holds at least one
hour from 60 degrees in the cell phone after
Home always come warm it is still
differences
and so easy 60 degrees
that is, if you are on straight way
yes , no problem is the hero at all
360 degrees
and we always come to the outside
Hot food here the lid is now
to that the child insurance gets the
not now if I do that again
audio terbeck so i could do it too
There are now three ways to do it
can make the lid on
The first option is simply one
let stand a little then yes is synonymous
by itself on the second possibility
the fastest way is easy
a bit of cold water in vasbeck
make and the floor in cold water
It then takes two minutes to dive
also bypasses third possibility is yes
please do not press the button here
scare and not in the pressure cooker
imitate
then comes from this steam is just warm
and not hot they have a spiral
it cools down and then comes the
steaming out the pressure omit quasi
I do that today with the sink
way that looks a bit cold
to make the water pure you look us right away
Super
the soup is ready now we get
take a nice decision with you
fried bacon here you can
The premiere will be the last fight and
You hear the heart risen for a long time
we watch a really nice I hit
the color is all through the carrots
even the onion remained
swim but the peas are overcooked
as they should be
she was all right on the spot and
the meat is as far as that goes
from the bone I still take one
bit of herbs wants
oh so a little thinner with pure
mix this once
you have a finished pea soup with
hard peas and reminds a slice
finished in 25 minutes
this is our first